docs/docs/introduction/concepts.md, before:

---
id: concepts
title: Core Concepts
hide_title: true
---

# Core Concepts

The Klicker UZH is based on a few key concepts that are key to understand and use the application.

## Sessions

Sessions are the fundamental concept on which all of the other functionality of Klicker UZH is built. A Klicker session corresponds to a single event during which the Klicker is planned to be used (e.g., a 1.5h lecture block). Klicker sessions are structured such that they can be started at the beginning of an event and closed after its completion (decoupled from the actual timing of questions posed).

During an active Klicker session, the speaker can pose the questions that have been assigned to the respective session. The speaker can further enable the optional audience-to-speaker interactions, allowing the audience to rate the speed and difficulty of the session as well as to give the speaker open-form feedback.

## Questions and Question Blocks

In preparation for a Klicker session, a speaker can create questions of different types and subsequently assigns the questions to a new session, wherein the questions can further be grouped into blocks of questions. A question block signifies a group of questions that are shown to the audience simultaneously in a sequence and are also evaluated as such (as a "block"). A session may contain an arbitrary sequence of said question blocks.

During the execution of a session, the question blocks are then activated and evaluated in the predefined order. Activating a question block presents the questions to the audience and adds them to the evaluation screen, on which the results may be observed in near real-time.

## Running Session

The flow of a session is controlled on and by the speaker's "Running Session" screen, which is thought to be entirely separate from the evaluation screen. While the evaluation screen can and should be presented to the audience (e.g., on a projector), the "Running Session" screen corresponds to the speaker's "cockpit" and contains information and settings restricted to the speaker (e.g., collected feedbacks).

## The Klicker Workflow

The remainder of this documentation is structured as a "step-by-step" guide through a typical Klicker-Workflow, including the following steps:

![Workflow](assets/workflow.png)

- Creation of different types of questions
- Creation of a session including question blocks and questions
- Execution of a session
- Evaluation of the questions as posed in the session

Commit message:

Work through getting started and core concepts

docs/docs/introduction/concepts.md, after:

---
id: concepts
title: Core Concepts
hide_title: true
---

# Core Concepts

The Klicker UZH is based on a few concepts that are key to understand and use the application effectively. This section summarizes these concepts, allowing you to follow the remainder of the documentation more easily.

## Sessions

Sessions are the fundamental concept on which all of the other functionality of Klicker UZH is built. A Klicker session corresponds to a single event during which the Klicker is planned to be used (e.g., a 1.5h lecture block). Klicker sessions are structured such that they can be started at the beginning of an event and closed after its completion (decoupled from the actual timing of questions posed).

During an active Klicker session, the speaker can pose the questions that have been assigned to the respective session. The speaker can further enable optional audience-to-speaker interactions, allowing the audience to rate the speed and difficulty of the session as well as to give open-form feedback.

## Questions and Question Blocks

In preparation for a Klicker session, a speaker can create questions of different types and subsequently assigns the questions to a new session, wherein the questions can further be grouped into blocks of questions. A question block signifies a group of questions that are shown to the audience simultaneously in a sequence and are also evaluated as such (as a "block"). A session may contain an arbitrary sequence of said question blocks.

During the execution of a session, the question blocks are then activated and evaluated in the predefined order. Activating a question block presents the questions to the audience and adds them to the evaluation screen, on which the results may be observed in near real-time.

## Running Session

The flow of a session is controlled on and by the speaker's "Running Session" screen, which is thought to be entirely separate from the evaluation screen. While the evaluation screen can and should be presented to the audience (e.g., on a projector), the "Running Session" screen corresponds to the speaker's "cockpit" and contains information and settings restricted to the speaker (e.g., collected feedbacks).

## The Klicker Workflow

The upcoming [Basic Tutorial](basics/question_pool.md) is structured to showcase a typical Klicker Workflow. The Klicker Workflow is composed of several steps that are executed in sequence, as can be seen below:

![Workflow](assets/workflow.png)
