docs/docs/faq/faq.md, before:

---
id: faq
title: Frequently Asked Questions
sidebar_label: Overview
---

## What are the biggest changes released for HS19 (v1.3.0)?

Preceding the fall semester of 2019, the KlickerUZH has been extended with many often asked for features:

- Easy login and registration with SWITCH AAI
- Export and import of questions
- Export of simple question statistics
- Export of evaluation results to CSV and PDF formats
- Executing sessions nonsequentially to continue past blocks and/or skip future blocks
- Setting countdowns for question blocks to automatically close them
- Resetting results of question blocks to restart polling
- Cancelling sessions (and later restarting them)

## What are the biggest news and changes coming with the release of KlickerUZH 2018?

In 2017 and 2018, KlickerUZH was built on a completely new infrastructure in order to able to work in a forward-looking and dynamic way. In terms of functionalities, users can expect the following enhancements:

- In addition to Single-Choice and Free-Text questions, Multiple-Choice questions are also available.
- You can show the solution for Single-Choice and Multiple-Choice questions.
- You can embed images within questions.
- You can visualize the audience results not only by bar or pie chart but also by stacked charts, word cloud, aggregated tables and histograms.
- The question management was improved by providing a question pool.
- You can use questions blocks and prepare the use of KlickerUZH better through the introduction of a session management.
- You can receive simple Instant Audience Feedback through Confusion Barometer and Feedback Channel in a very easy way.
- KlickerUZH is available in German and English and can easily be extended to other languages.
- The source code is open-source. This way you may run KlickerUZH at your own institutions and may contribute to the enhancement of KlickerUZH.

## How many participants are able to vote on KlickerUZH simultaneously?

Since KlickerUZH was launched in August 2018 with a completely redesigned infrastructure, there is still no empirical data on the performance of the system under heavy load. In principle, the infrastructure is able to react dynamically to load requirements. However, we cannot guarantee that the system will always be stable and performant, as it may happen that KlickerUZH is used in several lectures at the same time, which could lead to an overload at short notice. Please consider that the performance of the web tool also depends on various external factors, such as the WLAN infrastructure and - alternatively or additionally - the mobile network reception.

## How can my audience participate in a poll?

Every user account has a unique short web-link, which must be passed on to the participants. This means that knowing the link is already sufficient to vote on any device that can go online. We deliberately renounced an authentication of the poll-participants in order to keep the participation threshold as low as possible. Thus, be aware that, when using KlickerUZH, manipulation of the results can never be 100% excluded, despite some technical action from our part to avoid it.

## Can I always rely on KlickerUZH?

There is no guarantee that the page hosted by us will always be accessible. However, we will do our best. Please note that, alternatively, the application can also be hosted by your own institution, as the source code is available open-source.

## With which browsers is KlickerUZH compatible?

KlickerUZH supports the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox and Safari. Certain old versions of Internet Explorer can cause problems when creating / managing questions. We therefore recommend using Chrome, Firefox or Safari.

## Which question types does KlickerUZH provide?

The following question types are supported by KlickerUZH:

- Single Choice (SC): Only one of the given answers can be selected.
- Multiple Choice (MC): Several of the given answers can be selected.
- Fee Text (FT): Free text question.
- Number Range (NR): A number within a defined range (min, max, or both) can be selected, or any number, if not restricted.

## Which evaluation and visualization options does KlickerUZH provide?

The following evaluation options are supported by KlickerUZH:

- Pie Chart (Single Choice)
- Bar Chart (Single Choice)
- Stacked Chart (Multiple choice)
- Word Cloud (Free Text, Number Range)
- Histogram (Number Range)
- Table (All question types)

## Can I integrate pictures into questions?

Yes, you can attach images to questions. However, images cannot currently be integrated into individual answers options.

## Can I mark an answer as correct? Can KlickerUZH display the solution?

Yes, you can choose whether to display the solution (with Single-Choice and Multiple-Choice questions). When you share the poll results with your audience in the evaluation view, at first, only the answers of the participants are displayed. If you check the button “Display sample solution”, which can be found below the diagram, the solution is displayed (answers highlighted in green or answers with a check mark are correct).

## Can different groups participate in different sets of questions at the same time?

No, this is not possible, as every user account is identified by only one unique participant link. A possible workaround solution would be to have multiple accounts.

## Can I have the evaluation of the results publicly disclosed?

In principle, the evaluation of the results is part of the user account and thus not public. However, the registered users/lecturers may choose to make the evaluation publicly available in the "Running Session" section ("Publish evaluation"). You may then pass on the corresponding link for the audience to access.

## What is a «session»?

A session is the moment a question in a poll is used and roughly corresponds to the concept of a lecture. The same question can be used several times within sessions or in different sessions. Answers of the participants are stored in the context of sessions and are thus detached from the actual question.

With sessions, you may plan a sequence of questions in advance. Question blocks can be used to summarize those questions that can be answered consecutively without the lecturers having to intervene. In the "Running Session" section you see your active session and can administer the planned and active polls. Under "Session List" you find all past, planned and active sessions.

## Can I create folders to organize my question pool?

The concept of folders per se does not exist in KlickerUZH. instead, you may use tags to annotate your questions. Per default, you find the latest question in the question pool at the top. You can sort your questions also by "Creation Date", "Last Usage", "Question Type" or "Title" (see above the question pool). The search functionality also allows specific filtering of the question pool.

## Can I delete questions, sessions and/or my account?

If you do not use questions any more, they can be archived (found in the question pool on the left). If you want to delete questions for good, you can also do so. The questions are no longer accessible to the user, but they are still available in our database as they may have been in use in past sessions (we call this a "soft delete").

Sessions can be completely deleted, which we call a "hard delete". The answers and other information associated with the session are deleted, but the questions themselves are retained in the question pool. Questions, answers, and all other data will of course be fully deleted from our database when you choose to delete your account. This is also a hard delete. If a user account is deleted, we can no longer restore data.

## What is the "Instant Audience Feedback", the Confusion Barometer and the Feedback Channel?

Instant Audience Feedback, i.e. immediate feedback from the audience, can be delivered to the speakers via KlickerUZH, in addition to explicit polling questions, by using the Confusion Barometer or the Feedback Channel. The Confusion Barometer captures up-to-date feedback on the instructor's speed and difficulty level. With the Feedback Channel, open feedback can be collected from the audience. Each session can be equipped with the Confusion Barometer and / or Feedback Channel. The feedback can be publicly visible or can only be viewed by the lecturer. You may use the Instant Audience Feedback features also without any polling questions within a session (for example as part of a feedback session).

## Can I administer KlickerUZH on my tablet?

The functionalities of KlickerUZH should also be available on the tablet. We tried to consider smaller devices as good as possible. Please contact us in case you are facing problems with your tablet.

## Where is my data stored?

Your data is stored at a service partner (SWITCH) of the University of Zurich based in Switzerland and will not be used for commercial purposes. The service partner agreed to the data protection guidelines of the University of Zurich. Likewise, the data will not be passed on or sold to third parties. Further details can be found in our detailed Privacy Policy or Terms of Service.

Commit message:

Add FAQ for FS20 release

docs/docs/faq/faq.md, after:

---
id: faq
title: Frequently Asked Questions
sidebar_label: Overview
---

## What are the biggest changes released for FS20 (v1.4.0)?

With its latest release in January 2020, the KlickerUZH has been improved in a few critical areas:

- Rework of question management and session creation
  - It is now possible to create new questions even during session creation
  - Blocks during session creation can be reordered and removed
- Improvements in the editor for SC/MC questions
  - It is easier to reorder answering options in SC/MC questions (no more Drag and Drop)
  - Answering options are automatically saved on loss of focus, which means that the final option will not be lost anymore (if the question is saved without saving that option)
- Initial toast notifications provide more transparency on the success/failure of certain actions
  - If this feature is well-received, we might extend it to encompass further areas of the KlickerUZH
- Many other small usability changes thanks to the valuable feedback of [Prof. Chat Wacharamanotham](https://www.ifi.uzh.ch/en/zpac/people/chat.html)

## What are the biggest changes released for HS19 (v1.3.0)?

Preceding the fall semester of 2019, the KlickerUZH has been extended with many often asked for features:

- Easy login and registration with SWITCH AAI
- Export and import of questions
- Export of simple question statistics
- Export of evaluation results to CSV and PDF formats
- Executing sessions nonsequentially to continue past blocks and/or skip future blocks
- Setting countdowns for question blocks to automatically close them
- Resetting results of question blocks to restart polling
- Cancelling sessions (and later restarting them)

## What are the biggest news and changes coming with the release of KlickerUZH 2018?

In 2017 and 2018, KlickerUZH was built on a completely new infrastructure in order to able to work in a forward-looking and dynamic way. In terms of functionalities, users can expect the following enhancements:

- In addition to Single-Choice and Free-Text questions, Multiple-Choice questions are also available.
- You can show the solution for Single-Choice and Multiple-Choice questions.
- You can embed images within questions.
- You can visualize the audience results not only by bar or pie chart but also by stacked charts, word cloud, aggregated tables and histograms.
- The question management was improved by providing a question pool.
- You can use questions blocks and prepare the use of KlickerUZH better through the introduction of a session management.
- You can receive simple Instant Audience Feedback through Confusion Barometer and Feedback Channel in a very easy way.
- KlickerUZH is available in German and English and can easily be extended to other languages.
- The source code is open-source. This way you may run KlickerUZH at your own institutions and may contribute to the enhancement of KlickerUZH.

## How many participants are able to vote on KlickerUZH simultaneously?

Since KlickerUZH was launched in August 2018 with a completely redesigned infrastructure, there is still no empirical data on the performance of the system under heavy load. In principle, the infrastructure is able to react dynamically to load requirements. However, we cannot guarantee that the system will always be stable and performant, as it may happen that KlickerUZH is used in several lectures at the same time, which could lead to an overload at short notice. Please consider that the performance of the web tool also depends on various external factors, such as the WLAN infrastructure and - alternatively or additionally - the mobile network reception.

## How can my audience participate in a poll?

Every user account has a unique short web-link, which must be passed on to the participants. This means that knowing the link is already sufficient to vote on any device that can go online. We deliberately renounced an authentication of the poll-participants in order to keep the participation threshold as low as possible. Thus, be aware that, when using KlickerUZH, manipulation of the results can never be 100% excluded, despite some technical action from our part to avoid it.

## Can I always rely on KlickerUZH?

There is no guarantee that the page hosted by us will always be accessible. However, we will do our best. Please note that, alternatively, the application can also be hosted by your own institution, as the source code is available open-source.

## With which browsers is KlickerUZH compatible?

KlickerUZH supports the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox and Safari. Certain old versions of Internet Explorer can cause problems when creating / managing questions. We therefore recommend using Chrome, Firefox or Safari.

## Which question types does KlickerUZH provide?

The following question types are supported by KlickerUZH:

- Single Choice (SC): Only one of the given answers can be selected.
- Multiple Choice (MC): Several of the given answers can be selected.
- Fee Text (FT): Free text question.
- Number Range (NR): A number within a defined range (min, max, or both) can be selected, or any number, if not restricted.

## Which evaluation and visualization options does KlickerUZH provide?

The following evaluation options are supported by KlickerUZH:

- Pie Chart (Single Choice)
- Bar Chart (Single Choice)
- Stacked Chart (Multiple choice)
- Word Cloud (Free Text, Number Range)
- Histogram (Number Range)
- Table (All question types)

## Can I integrate pictures into questions?

Yes, you can attach images to questions. However, images cannot currently be integrated into individual answers options.

## Can I mark an answer as correct? Can KlickerUZH display the solution?

Yes, you can choose whether to display the solution (with Single-Choice and Multiple-Choice questions). When you share the poll results with your audience in the evaluation view, at first, only the answers of the participants are displayed. If you check the button “Display sample solution”, which can be found below the diagram, the solution is displayed (answers highlighted in green or answers with a check mark are correct).

## Can different groups participate in different sets of questions at the same time?

No, this is not possible, as every user account is identified by only one unique participant link. A possible workaround solution would be to have multiple accounts.

## Can I have the evaluation of the results publicly disclosed?

In principle, the evaluation of the results is part of the user account and thus not public. However, the registered users/lecturers may choose to make the evaluation publicly available in the "Running Session" section ("Publish evaluation"). You may then pass on the corresponding link for the audience to access.

## What is a «session»?

A session is the moment a question in a poll is used and roughly corresponds to the concept of a lecture. The same question can be used several times within sessions or in different sessions. Answers of the participants are stored in the context of sessions and are thus detached from the actual question.

With sessions, you may plan a sequence of questions in advance. Question blocks can be used to summarize those questions that can be answered consecutively without the lecturers having to intervene. In the "Running Session" section you see your active session and can administer the planned and active polls. Under "Session List" you find all past, planned and active sessions.

## Can I create folders to organize my question pool?

The concept of folders per se does not exist in KlickerUZH. instead, you may use tags to annotate your questions. Per default, you find the latest question in the question pool at the top. You can sort your questions also by "Creation Date", "Last Usage", "Question Type" or "Title" (see above the question pool). The search functionality also allows specific filtering of the question pool.

## Can I delete questions, sessions and/or my account?

If you do not use questions any more, they can be archived (found in the question pool on the left). If you want to delete questions for good, you can also do so. The questions are no longer accessible to the user, but they are still available in our database as they may have been in use in past sessions (we call this a "soft delete").

Sessions can be completely deleted, which we call a "hard delete". The answers and other information associated with the session are deleted, but the questions themselves are retained in the question pool. Questions, answers, and all other data will of course be fully deleted from our database when you choose to delete your account. This is also a hard delete. If a user account is deleted, we can no longer restore data.

## What is the "Instant Audience Feedback", the Confusion Barometer and the Feedback Channel?

Instant Audience Feedback, i.e. immediate feedback from the audience, can be delivered to the speakers via KlickerUZH, in addition to explicit polling questions, by using the Confusion Barometer or the Feedback Channel. The Confusion Barometer captures up-to-date feedback on the instructor's speed and difficulty level. With the Feedback Channel, open feedback can be collected from the audience. Each session can be equipped with the Confusion Barometer and / or Feedback Channel. The feedback can be publicly visible or can only be viewed by the lecturer. You may use the Instant Audience Feedback features also without any polling questions within a session (for example as part of a feedback session).

## Can I administer KlickerUZH on my tablet?

The functionalities of KlickerUZH should also be available on the tablet. We tried to consider smaller devices as good as possible. Please contact us in case you are facing problems with your tablet.

## Where is my data stored?

Your data is stored at a service partner (SWITCH) of the University of Zurich based in Switzerland and will not be used for commercial purposes. The service partner agreed to the data protection guidelines of the University of Zurich. Likewise, the data will not be passed on or sold to third parties. Further details can be found in our detailed Privacy Policy or Terms of Service.
