docs/docs/basics/question_create.md, before:

---
id: question_create
title: Create a Question
---

On the [Question Pool](question_pool.md) screen, click _Create Question_ to add a new question.

Before preparing a session, all questions need to be created. Every question has the following attributes that need to be filled:

1. **Question Title:** A short title that summarizes the question.

2. **Question Type:** Determines how a question can be answered by the audience:

   * _Single Choice (SC):_ Only one of the given answers may be selected.
   * _Multiple Choice (MC):_ Multiple of the given answers may be selected.
   * _Free Text (FT):_ The input is unrestricted (text answers).
   * _Number Range (NR):_ A number within a given range may be chosen (or any number, if no range is provided).
  
3. **Tags:** To group questions and simplify filtering, tags are used. Type in one or multiple tags or start typing and select an existing tag. Confirm by pressing Enter. Every question needs to have at least one tag.

4. **Question:** The question to be answered by the audience.

   4a. **Audience Preview:** A preview of how the audience sees the question.
   
   4b. **Add an Immage:** Images can be attached to the questions in a beta version.
  
5. **Available Choices (SC / MC only):** The available answers the audience may choose from. Click the plus sign to add a new answer and type in the answer. Then click the red cross or green tick (5.1 or 5.2) to select whether the answer is correct or not and save the answer with the button on the right (5.3). If there is no correct answer just skip this step and save the answer. Delete answers with the button on the left (5.4). **Notice that the buttons need to be clicked, as keyboard interactions are not yet fully working.** In case of Number range Questions you need to choose your **Input Restrictions (Number Range only):** The range the answer needs to be in. Either provide a lower and upper limit, only one of the said limits or no limit at all.

6. **Save** Press the save button on the bottom to save the question and add it to the [Question Pool](question_pool.md) (see next section). **Notice that once the question is saved the text of the available choices cannot be changed anymore. You can delete the choices and add new ones and you may change whether they are true or false.**

![Create Question](assets/question_create.png)

Commit message:

Go through basic tutorial and add red line

docs/docs/basics/question_create.md, after:

---
id: question_create
title: Create a Question
---

Upon clicking the "Create Question" button on the question pool, you will be redirected to the following view:

![Create Question](assets/question_create.png)

Before preparing a session, all questions that are to be contained need to be created. Every one of these questions has the following attributes:

1. **Question Title:** A short title that summarizes the question for your later recollection.

2. **Question Type:** Determines how a question can be answered by the audience as well as the available charts for evaluation:

   - _Single Choice (SC):_ Only one of the given answers may be selected.
   - _Multiple Choice (MC):_ Multiple of the given answers may be selected.
   - _Free Text (FT):_ The input is unrestricted (text answers).
   - _Number Range (NR):_ A number within a given range may be chosen (or any number, if no range is provided).

3. **Tags:** To group questions and simplify filtering, tags are used. Type in one or multiple tags or start typing and select an existing tag. Confirm by pressing Enter. Every question needs to have at least one tag.

4. **Question:** The question to be answered by the audience.

   4a. **Audience Preview:** A preview of how the audience sees the question.

   4b. **Add an Immage:** Images can be attached to the questions in a beta version.

5. **Available Choices (SC / MC only):** The available answers the audience may choose from. Click the plus sign to add a new answer and type in the answer. Then click the red cross or green tick (5.1 or 5.2) to select whether the answer is correct or not and save the answer with the button on the right (5.3). If there is no correct answer just skip this step and save the answer. Delete answers with the button on the left (5.4). **Notice that the buttons need to be clicked, as keyboard interactions are not yet fully working.** In case of Number range Questions you need to choose your **Input Restrictions (Number Range only):** The range the answer needs to be in. Either provide a lower and upper limit, only one of the said limits or no limit at all.

6. **Save** Press the save button on the bottom to save the question and add it to the [Question Pool](question_pool.md) (see next section). **Notice that once the question is saved the text of the available choices cannot be changed anymore. You can delete the choices and add new ones and you may change whether they are true or false.**

To continue with the tutorial, fill out the form completely and click on "Save". You will then be redirected to the question pool and can continue with [session creation](session_create.md).
