docs/docs/basics/session_create.md, before:

---
id: session_create
title: Create a Session
---

On the [Question Pool](question_pool.md) screen, click _Create Session_ to start combining the questions for a new session. You may also choose to start a new session directly from the navigation menu.

Every session consists of blocks of questions. During an ongoing session, the speaker unlocks a question block so that the audience can answer all question within this question block.

The following steps need to be done to create a new session:

1. Click the _Create Session_ button. The session creation area opens up on the bottom of the screen, underneath your question pool.

2. Enter a new name for the session (only visible to the speaker and not to the audience).

3. Choose a question and select the version you want to use by clicking on the indicated version. Then Drag & Drop the question from the question list
3a. to create a new question block into the grey plus sign (+) or 3b. add a question to an existing question block. 3c. You may also use the grey _Split questions into 2 blocks_ button or 3d. the grey _Group questions into one block_ by check marking the questions beforehand.

4. Click this button to discard this session draft.

After all the questions are placed in a new session, there are two ways to save the session. Either
5. save and close the session creation or
6. save and start the session. You will be redirected to the [Running Session](session_running.md) screen.

![Create a Session](assets/session_create1.png)
![Create a Session](assets/session_create2.png)

Commit message:

Go through basic tutorial and add red line

docs/docs/basics/session_create.md, after:

---
id: session_create
title: Create a Session
---

Once you are back on the [Question Pool](question_pool.md) screen and can see your new question, click _Create Session_ to begin the session creation process.

Every session consists of blocks of one or more questions. During an ongoing session, the speaker activates these question blocks one after the other. The audience can respond to questions within a block simultaneously; multiple blocks are activated in sequence.

![Create a Session](assets/session_create1.png)

The following steps need to be done to create a new session:

1. Click the _Create Session_ button. The session creation area opens up on the bottom of the screen (underneath your question pool).

2. Enter a new descriptive name for the session (only visible to the speaker and not to the audience).

3. Choose a question and optionally select the version you want to use by clicking on the indicated version. Then Drag & Drop the question from the question list
   3a. to create a new question block into the grey plus sign (+) or 3b. add a question to an existing question block. 3c. You may also use the grey _Split questions into 2 blocks_ button or 3d. the grey _Group questions into one block_ by check marking the questions beforehand.

4. You may click this button to discard this session draft.

After all the questions are placed in a new session, there are two ways to save the session. Either

5. save and close the session creation or
6. save and start the session. You will be redirected to the [Running Session](session_running.md) screen.

![Create a Session](assets/session_create2.png)

To continue with the tutorial, add your question to a question block and save your session with _Save & Close_ and continue to [Navigation](navigation.md).
